Summary:
Note when I say "chicken" I mean "chicken breast". Please keep that in mind

First, we will put our chicken into a simple brine, and let it sit for anywhere between
4 hours to a full day. It is not an exact science. I personally think longer is better,
but that's neither here-nor-there.

While the chicken is sitting in the brine, we will make a rub. When the chicken is ready,
you take the chicken out of the brine, dry it off, and add the rub.

Finally, preheat the oven for 400 degrees F. If you are baking 1 breast,
put it in the oven for 30 minutes. For every additional breast, add five minutes to
the cook time.

Ingredients:
(Note that measurements needn't be exact).
1) Brine:
  - 1/4 cup of salt
  - 1/4 cup of sugar (optional)
  - Water
  
2) Rub:
  - 4 tbsp brown sugar
  - 3 tbsp any kind of salt
  - 2 tbsp black pepper
  - 1 tbsp of ground coffee beans (a fruity flavor is preferable)
  - 1 tbsp of mustard powder
  - 2 tbsp of onion powder
  - 2 tbsp garlic powder
  - 2 tbsp ground cloves
  - 2 tbsp red chile pepper flakes
  - 1 tbsp chile powder
  
3) 4 to 5 Chicken breasts

Steps:
1. In a large pot, mix brine. Add as much water so that all chicken breasts can be fully submerged.
2. Cover pot with lid and place in fridge for 4-12 hours
3. In a bowl, prepare the rub according to the above measurements. Note that this will create a large
amount of rub, and you only need a few spoonfulls for the chicken. So you can save the rub for other
occasions.
4. When chicken is sufficiently brined, take it out of the pot, dry it off.
5. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
6. Evenly spread a spoonfull or two of rub acrosss chicken. Rub the rub until it covers entire surface of
all breasts.
7. Place chicken into oven. Bake for 30 minutes plus an additional 5 minutes for each breast added after the
first.

Commentary:
This is a very simple recipe and is great for college students in a time and budget crunch.
Also, none of these measurements are exact, and you should adjust for taste. You can use whatever
rub you want, even just salt. Likewise, you can use whatever brine you want, even just salt. However,
it is imperative that you do at least the brine. Unbrined white meat of any kind is dry, terrible,
and shameful.
